WIP: Improve docs metadata and SEO (#768)
alpic-ai/skybridge: docs/api-reference/infer-utility-types.mdx

---
title: Type Utilities

> description: "Extract input, output, and structured content types from your Skybridge MCP server for safer React views and shared TypeScript helpers."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Extract input, output, and structured content types from your Skybridge MCP server for tool-to-view type safety."
```
